[String] Add singularize and pluralize filter (#4107)
twigphp/Twig: doc/filters/pluralize.rst

``pluralize``
========

> The ``pluralize`` filter transforms a given string into its plural version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``pluralize`` filter transforms a given noun in its singular form into its plural version.
```
